{
    "Summary": "The paper proposes an orthogonality-constrained sparse autoencoder (SAE) architecture with controlled feature sharing via an adaptive loss term. The method aims to balance feature independence and reconstruction quality by introducing batch-wise feature grouping and tunable orthogonality constraints. Experiments on the Gemma-2B dataset demonstrate improvements in reconstruction quality, feature independence, and feature utilization compared to baseline methods.",
    "Strengths": [
        "Addresses a significant issue in feature interpretability for large language models.",
        "Novel combination of orthogonality constraints and adaptive feature sharing.",
        "Comprehensive set of experiments demonstrating significant improvements in key metrics."
    ],
    "Weaknesses": [
        "The clarity of the method, especially the adaptive orthogonality term and batch-wise feature grouping, needs improvement. The paper should provide more detailed explanations and visualizations to aid understanding.",
        "The paper lacks detailed ablation studies to verify the robustness of the proposed approach. Including more ablation studies would strengthen the claims.",
        "Generalizability of the method to other architectures or layers is not demonstrated. It would be beneficial to show results on different layers or models.",
        "The potential negative societal impacts and limitations are not adequately discussed. A thorough discussion on these aspects would be valuable."
    ],
    "Originality": 3,
    "Quality": 2,
    "Clarity": 2,
    "Significance": 3,
    "Questions": [
        "Can the authors provide more details on the adaptive orthogonality term and batch-wise feature grouping? Detailed explanations and visualizations would be helpful.",
        "Have the authors considered additional ablation studies to verify the robustness of the proposed method? If so, please include them.",
        "How does the method generalize to other architectures or layers beyond Gemma-2B layer 19? Providing results on different layers or models would be beneficial."
    ],
    "Limitations": [
        "The method may not generalize well to other architectures or layers. Demonstrating results on different layers or models would address this concern.",
        "The paper lacks a thorough discussion of potential negative societal impacts. Including this discussion would provide a more comprehensive view of the work."
    ],
    "Ethical Concerns": false,
    "Soundness": 2,
    "Presentation": 2,
    "Contribution": 2,
    "Overall": 4,
    "Confidence": 4,
    "Decision": "Reject"
}